to do--feature development
LOW--breadcrumbs
org roles
framework of initiative types: new legis = proposals + current; getting service = schedules and names; etc.
interaction 1: tinder + pol.is: card design
initiavite types: campaigns,..


dX customer journey:
	everyone is decision makers but divided into officials and regulars: all are interestees

	At the beginning of the legislative session, experts set the agenda and bring the legislators up to speed on the topic, then the legislators draft, revise and vote on legislation
	 to speak in public, negotiate with others, research policy issues, and learn about their community and the larger circles in which it is embedded

	 community members can follow each other, and invite each other to follow a topic/campaign

	 explore feature: swipe through for sentiment voting on main thesis points of presented arguments. when done, the 'read more' option will appear in red and marked as incomplete so as to encourage user to read more
	 if user not expert and did not read/scrolled through: vote weight decreased or status updated to inform decision officials.

	 post posts vetted through the Ambassador w/ the Dealienated mark

	 commuinty members' communication will be self-governed: there will be an announcement channel for followers of the same topic, with block features enabled on new users and passed for those with established reputations.

	 examine different options and outcomes

	 develop a plan of action

	 keep track of what suggestions has been utilized or discarded
	 give a badge to plan writers who did things behind closed doors: Elitist (too many changes), Representative (right amount), Populist (direct democracy)

	 donate money for crowdsourcing


dx blog post:
1. why dealianator: L Flower writing

2. deliberative:

3. direct vs representative democracy:


mDx market insight:
"Some tenants may opt out for this reason and may instead circulate their concerns
and hopes more privately among sympathetic networks of friends." (Higgins et al, 2006:15)

mDx CS:
landlord/tenants
developers/community
hospitals/patients
schools/prisons/police/youthss
city/citizens

mDx VP for campaign managers:
	exclusive high powered surveying tools to include in your petitions/drives (eg GIS surveying 
	for constituents to vote if they like the bloc where they live,...)

	if designing public spaces through mDx becomes the norm, mDx will become the adobe suite for 
	future city planning profession

mDx VP for regulars:
	pick your brains but keep all of it documented and easily trackble--> no more ignoring
	your differences are dealt in a just and generative way, not just overpowerd by dominant rhetorics, ways of knowing and saying and doing

mDx VP for all:
	development suite API for designing new ways to ask questions (GIS,etc). similar to adobe, SaaS.

dX key activities:
	periodically invite experts to be part of. if their skills not needed will be cut off.
	expert 1: theory of writing expert as dealinator consultant.

	translate one's knowledge into sharable resource:
	elicit and provide framework for narrative sharing, provide supportive readers (? people who incentivze user to tell story in a readable way), prompt for story behind story (what is going on here? what is this person A see at this event that person B didn't? Why did A do that?...), prompt to tell in a timeline format, etc Different prompts for different situation.

	present formatted POVs: a network graph with faces and expandable texts?